hey guys what's up its dando beat now I
normally don't do this but I've been
getting a lot of requests from this
lately so I figure to make a video and
share it with you guys this is how to
install lion with a USB Drive dongle
thing or if you've torrented lion from
somewhere and you get it you'll notice
that you can't just double click it
because you double click it nothing will
happen what you need to do two things
well you can do a few things one is you
need to get a USB Drive something that's
over five gigs I things lion is about
three gigs or something like that but
just to be safe you know make it over
five gigs anyways you want to make sure
that you're a USB little driving thingy
is a formatted and there's nothing
everything is kind of off of it when
that is that when you do that let me
open up disk utility okay so we have
disk utility open now what we want to do
is you want to right-click lion show
package contents and then you want to
find in shared support this little thing
called install es de mg remember that
you need that go to your level USB thing
and erase it first make sure it is
formatted for mac OS extended journaled
and then after that go to restore when
your inner store we want to do is you
want to take that install dmg slap it in
as the source then you want to take
right under your little Drive you'll see
this little guy throw out there now
you'll notice that it already says Mac
OS install ESD is that's because I
already did it so it works and this is a
correct way to do this anyways so once
that is done you'll notice that that top
the source one disappears that install
ESD that's okay after that you hit
restore and it should take around 30 to
40 minutes I'm not going to do it
because it's already working for me and
I already did it so and when you hit
restore what happens is that you will
get this little USB little guy and
you'll first want to you know hit
installed mac OS x lion don't do that
what you want to do is you want to
restart the computer and you want to
hold option down and when you hold
option down on Macs and you restart the
computer what happens is you
can boot from another drive so you're
going to want to boot from your little
USB dongle drive and then just follow
the instructions and you'll it will take
about you know 30 to 40 minutes to
install very simple and that's how you
do it this is a good way if you
downloaded line from the app store to
kind of make a copy of it or if you
torrented it and you get this little
file this is a good way they kind of get
lying for free so there you go hope you
guys enjoyed until next time I will see
you guys later googling